## Description
### LintCode 787. The Maze
There is a ball in a maze with empty spaces and walls. The ball can go through empty spaces by rolling up, down, left or right, but it won't stop rolling until hitting a wall. When the ball stops, it could choose the next direction.

Given the ball's start position, the destination and the maze, determine whether the ball could stop at the destination.

The maze is represented by a binary 2D array. 1 means the wall and 0 means the empty space. You may assume that the borders of the maze are all walls. The start and destination coordinates are represented by row and column indexes.

Example  
Example 1:

    Input:  
    map =   
    [
     [0,0,1,0,0],
     [0,0,0,0,0],
     [0,0,0,1,0],
     [1,1,0,1,1],
     [0,0,0,0,0]
    ]
    start = [0,4]
    end = [3,2]
    Output:
    false
Example 2:

    Input:
    map = 
    [[0,0,1,0,0],
     [0,0,0,0,0],
     [0,0,0,1,0],
     [1,1,0,1,1],
     [0,0,0,0,0]
    ]
    start = [0,4]
    end = [4,4]
    Output:
    true
Notice   

- There is only one ball and one destination in the maze.
- Both the ball and the destination exist on an empty space, and they will not be at the same position initially.
- The given maze does not contain border (like the red rectangle in the example pictures), but you could assume the border of the maze are all walls.
- The maze contains at least 2 empty spaces, and both the width and height of the maze won't exceed 100.

## Solution
BFS

注意:  
沿四个方向找下一个点时, 循环终止时找到的是第一个不可行的位置, 需要往回倒一格才能找到第一个可行的点.

## Code
    from collections import deque
    class Solution:
        """
        @param maze: the maze
        @param start: the start
        @param destination: the destination
        @return: whether the ball could stop at the destination
        """
        def hasPath(self, maze, start, destination):
            # write your code here
            if maze == None or len(maze) == 0 or len(maze[0]) == 0:
                return False
            start = (start[0], start[1])
            destination = (destination[0], destination[1])
            dx = [0, 1, 0, -1]
            dy = [1, 0, -1, 0]
            visited = set([start])
            q = deque([start])
            while q:
                cur = q.popleft()
                if cur == destination:
                    return True
                for i in range(4):
                    nx = cur[0]
                    ny = cur[1]
                    while nx >= 0 and nx <= len(maze) - 1 and ny >= 0 and ny <= len(maze[0]) - 1 and maze[nx][ny] == 0: 
                        nx += dx[i]
                        ny += dy[i]
                    nx -= dx[i]    # 注意上面循环的判断条件，找到的是第一个不可行的位置，需要往回倒一格
                    ny -= dy[i]
                    if (nx, ny) not in visited:
                        visited.add((nx, ny))
                        q.append((nx, ny))
            return False
