## Description 
### LintCode 788. The Maze ii
788. The Maze II

There is a ball in a maze with empty spaces and walls. The ball can go through empty spaces by rolling up, down, left or right, but it won't stop rolling until hitting a wall. When the ball stops, it could choose the next direction.

Given the ball's start position, the destination and the maze, find the shortest distance for the ball to stop at the destination. The distance is defined by the number of empty spaces traveled by the ball from the start position (excluded) to the destination (included). If the ball cannot stop at the destination, return -1.

The maze is represented by a binary 2D array. 1 means the wall and 0 means the empty space. You may assume that the borders of the maze are all walls. The start and destination coordinates are represented by row and column indexes.

    Example
    Example 1:
      Input:  
      (rowStart, colStart) = (0,4)
      (rowDest, colDest)= (4,4)
      0 0 1 0 0
      0 0 0 0 0
      0 0 0 1 0
      1 1 0 1 1
      0 0 0 0 0

      Output:  12

      Explanation:
      (0,4)->(0,3)->(1,3)->(1,2)->(1,1)->(1,0)->(2,0)->(2,1)->(2,2)->(3,2)->(4,2)->(4,3)->(4,4)

    Example 2:
      Input:
      (rowStart, colStart) = (0,4)
      (rowDest, colDest)= (0,0)
      0 0 1 0 0
      0 0 0 0 0
      0 0 0 1 0
      1 1 0 1 1
      0 0 0 0 0

      Output:  6

      Explanation:
      (0,4)->(0,3)->(1,3)->(1,2)->(1,1)->(1,0)->(0,0)
	
Notice
- There is only one ball and one destination in the maze.
- Both the ball and the destination exist on an empty space, and they will not be at the same position initially.
- The given maze does not contain border (like the red rectangle in the example pictures), but you could assume the border of the maze are all walls.
- The maze contains at least 2 empty spaces, and both the width and height of the maze won't exceed 100.

## Solution
- BFS. 用 dict 保存到过的点，value 为到该点的步数。或者在 queue 里把到该点的步数和坐标一起压进去。
  - 但是用 bfs 写应该有问题：比如到某个点如果有两条路径，一条转弯多但是步数少，一条转弯少但是步数多，则会先记录步数多的，并在此基础上探查下一个点，此时后面的点的步数都是基于步数多的值，不是最小值，但是 bfs 似乎不太能避免这个问题，感觉 dfs 好一些。
- DFS. 保存每个到达 destination 的路径长度，最后返回最小值。注意回溯。

## Code(dfs)
    class Solution:
        """
        @param maze: the maze
        @param start: the start
        @param destination: the destination
        @return: the shortest distance for the ball to stop at the destination
        """
        # dfs
        def shortestDistance(self, maze, start, destination):
            # write your code here
            if maze == None or len(maze) == 0 or len(maze[0]) == 0:
                return -1
            start = (start[0], start[1])
            destination = (destination[0], destination[1])
            visited = set([start])
            paths = []
            self.dfs(maze, start, destination, 0, visited, paths)
            print(paths)
            if len(paths) > 0:
                return min(paths)
            return -1

        def dfs(self, maze, start, destination, step, visited, paths):
            if start == destination:
                paths.append(step)
                return
            dx = [0, 1, 0, -1]
            dy = [1, 0, -1, 0]
            for i in range(4):
                nx = start[0]
                ny = start[1]
                ns = step
                while nx >= 0 and nx <= len(maze) - 1 and ny >= 0 and ny <= len(maze[0]) - 1 and maze[nx][ny] == 0:
                    nx += dx[i]
                    ny += dy[i]
                    ns += 1
                nx -= dx[i]
                ny -= dy[i]
                ns -= 1
                nStart = (nx, ny)
                if nStart not in visited:
                    visited.add(nStart)  
                    self.dfs(maze, nStart, destination, ns, visited, paths)
                    visited.remove(nStart)   # 注意撤销操作
            return 
