## Description
Implement an iterator over a binary search tree (BST). Your iterator will be initialized with the root node of a BST.

Calling next() will return the next smallest number in the BST.

Example

Example 1  

    Input:  {10,1,11,#,6,#,12}
    Output:  [1, 6, 10, 11, 12]
    Explanation:
    The BST is look like this:
      10
      /\
     1 11
      \  \
       6  12
    You can return the inorder traversal of a BST [1, 6, 10, 11, 12]
Example 2  

    Input: {2,1,3}
    Output: [1,2,3]
    Explanation:
    The BST is look like this:
      2
     / \
    1   3
    You can return the inorder traversal of a BST tree [1,2,3]
Challenge

Extra memory usage O(h), h is the height of the tree.

Super Star: Extra memory usage O(1)


Note:

next() and hasNext() should run in average O(1) time and uses O(h) memory, where h is the height of the tree.
You may assume that next() call will always be valid, that is, there will be at least a next smallest number in the BST when next() is called.

## Solution
hasNext(): O(1)  
next(): O(logn)  
memory: O(logn)  

- Push all the left nodes to the stack starting from the root in the constructor. This will push the nodes in descending order.
- In the hasNext() return true if the stack has elements and false if its empty
- In the next(), pop the node from the stack, push to the stack the right subtree of this node and return its value.

## Code
    """
    Definition of TreeNode:
    class TreeNode:
        def __init__(self, val):
            self.val = val
            self.left, self.right = None, None

    Example of iterate a tree:
    iterator = BSTIterator(root)
    while iterator.hasNext():
        node = iterator.next()
        do something for node 
    """


    class BSTIterator:
        """
        @param: root: The root of binary tree.
        """
        def __init__(self, root):
            # do intialization if necessary
            self.stack = []
            while root:
                self.stack.append(root)
                root = root.left
        """
        @return: True if there has next node, or false
        """
        def hasNext(self, ):
            # write your code here
            if len(self.stack):
                return True
            return False
        """
        @return: return next node
        """
        def next(self, ):
            # write your code here
            if not self.hasNext():
                return None
            nextNode = self.stack.pop()
            if nextNode.right:
                node = nextNode.right
                self.stack.append(node)
                while node.left:
                    node = node.left
                    self.stack.append(node)
            return nextNode





