## Description  
392. House Robber  
You are a professional robber planning to rob houses along a street. Each house has a certain amount of money stashed, the only constraint stopping you from robbing each of them is that adjacent houses have security system connected and it will automatically contact the police if two adjacent houses were broken into on the same night.

Given a list of non-negative integers representing the amount of money of each house, determine the maximum amount of money you can rob tonight without alerting the police.

Example  
Example 1:

Input: [3, 8, 4]  
Output: 8  
Explanation: Just rob the second house.  
Example 2:

Input: [5, 2, 1, 3]  
Output: 8  
Explanation: Rob the first and the last house.
Challenge: O(n) time and O(1) memory.

## Solution
### S1: Time: O(n), Space(n)  
DP 数组中 f[i] 表示以 i 结尾的序列的最大金额. 更新 i 时需要判断 `i - 1` 和 `i - 2` 两种取法: `f[i] = max(f[i - 1], f[i - 2] + A[i])`.

### S2: Time: O(n), Space(1)  
使用滚动数组减少空间复杂度. 始终保持长度为 3 的 f 数组, 因为更新 f[i] 时只用到了 f[i - 1] 和 f[i - 2].

## Code
### S1 Code:
    class Solution:
        """
        @param A: An array of non-negative integers
        @return: The maximum amount of money you can rob tonight
        """
        def houseRobber(self, A):
            # write your code here
            if not A or len(A) == 0:
                return 0

            # Time: O(n), Space: O(n)
            n = len(A)
            f = [0 for _ in range(n + 1)]
            for i in range(n + 1):
                if i == 0:
                    f[i] = 0
                    continue
                if i == 1:
                    f[i] = A[i - 1]
                    continue
                f[i] = max(f[i - 1], f[i - 2] + A[i - 1])
            return f[n]
        
### S2 Code:
    class Solution:
        """
        @param A: An array of non-negative integers
        @return: The maximum amount of money you can rob tonight
        """
        def houseRobber(self, A):
            # write your code here
            if not A or len(A) == 0:
                return 0
            n = len(A)
            f = [0, 0, 0]
            for i in range(1, n + 1):
                if i == 1:
                    f[i] = A[i - 1]
                    continue
                f[i % 3] = max(f[(i - 1) % 3], f[(i - 2) % 3] + A[i - 1])
            ans = 0
            for i in range(3):
                ans = max(ans, f[i])
            return ans
